[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
George Noory with you.
And one of our most requested
guests, Jonny Enoch with us.
Jonny, of course, is a
clinical hypnotherapist.
He's an esoteric researcher.
He's a megalithic investigator
from Vancouver, Canada.
And he is one of the
greatest investigators
I've ever come across.
Jonny, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>Jonny ENOCH: Well, thanks
for having me, George.
It's great to be here.
>> NOORY: Now, when we call
you an "esoteric researcher,"
what does that mean?
>> ENOCH: Well, it's a lifelong
fascination I've had with all
the strange and mysterious
things in our universe.
I just feel that we
live in a world that's
so fascinating and filled with
mystery that everywhere we
look there's a rabbit
hole to go down.
>> NOORY: And many
rabbit holes--
and when you go down
them, what's in there?
>> ENOCH: I think it just keeps
getting weirder the further we
go.
It's deeper and deeper.
You think you've found all
the answers in one area,
and then you find
it just opens up
into this giant cornucopia
of new surprises.
>> NOORY: Now, these aren't
subjects that you wake up
in the morning and go, this is
what I'm going to investigate.
How did this evolve for you?
>> ENOCH: When I was
very small, George,
I was having these unexplainable
experiences where I'd be
hovering above my body
and looking down at myself
peacefully.
>> NOORY: OBEs, right?
>> ENOCH: Yes.
And then other times, I
was violently thrusted up
towards these hollow fractal,
multicolored energies that
would immerse me into them,
and I'd find myself out
in the middle of the universe.
At other times, my
mom was telling me
that we would have these
little gray men walking
through our bedroom windows
and walking through our rooms
at night.
>> NOORY: Sure.
>> ENOCH: And so when I
wanted to get answers,
I couldn't because I lived in
a very religious household.
At the dinner table, when
someone said "helicopter,"
it was changed to
"heavenicopter."
>> NOORY: Uh-huh,
it was that tight.
>> ENOCH: Yes, it was.
And so I started to find
myself collecting up
all the esoteric literature and
books on the unknown I could
get and traveling
all over the world
to visit megalithic
temples, sacred sites.
And later, I was using the
tools of clinical hypnotherapy
to go further into the deeper
layers of the human mind.
>> NOORY: Well, we're going to
talk with you in this program
today about many different
things you've done.
But let's start with Atlantis.
What do you think Atlantis was?
Where do you think it was?
>> ENOCH: OK, that's
a very good question.
When we ask ourselves, where
was Atlantis, what was Atlantis,
we get the story from Plato,
who was a Greek philosopher.
So, many people out
there, they'll say, well,
it must be a Greek story.
Well, we know that Plato
learned the story from his Uncle
Critias, who learned
the story from
his great-great-grandfather.
>> NOORY: Hand-me-down
stories, right?
>> ENOCH: Yeah, it came
from Solon 200 years prior.
But Solon, he learned the story
when he traveled to Egypt.
He says, hey, I
want the good stuff.
I'm going to get
the heck out of here
and go over to Egypt,
when it was called Sais.
So he meets with
this high priest,
and his name is Sonchis.
And he takes him aside, and
he says to him, OK, Solon, you
think you've got all the
answers because you Greeks knew
there was a flood
story, he says to him.
But there have been
many flood stories,
many ancient civilizations
that have been wiped off
the face of the earth by water,
by fire, by natural disasters.
And this place that we call
Atlantis was the last one.
But here's the thing, George.
We can accurately
date when Atlantis
might have been because we're
told that Solon was around 600
BCE, and the Atlantis
story happened 9,000 years
before Sonchis.
>> NOORY: Before that, yeah.
>> ENOCH: Yeah, so that's
around 11,600 years ago.
That brings us to that
12,000-year mark that we always
hear about from places
like Gobekli Tepe,
and our Younger
Dryas cataclysms,
and all these sorts
of incidents on Earth.
But I actually believe
that the Atlantians,
where we look at
their location, I
believe they were a global
dissemination of culture.
They weren't just
located in one place.
And why that is is that if
we look at these pyramids,
the Great Pyramid in Egypt,
the one over in the Yucatan
with Chichen Itza, Teotihuacan,
Tikal in Guatemala--
we have a pyramid in China.
>> NOORY: They're
all over the place.
>> ENOCH: That's right.
They're everywhere.
They're ubiquitous.
We find them all over the world.
So there was a great
civilization that rose up,
but there's a lot
of people now that
have these different theories
about where Atlantis was.
The traditional
theory is, they said,
it was located on
the Atlantic Ridge.
And when we look over--
>> NOORY: And that
would be where?
>> ENOCH: In the
middle of the Atlantic.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> ENOCH: OK, so when we go look
over at the Rock of Gibraltar,
for example, many
people have said, well,
that could be the Pillars of
Hercules in the Atlantis story.
They look at the Azores
and the Canary Islands.
And they say, well, that
could be the mountain peaks.
>> NOORY: Uh-huh.
>> ENOCH: And they say--
>> NOORY: And the
rest is submerged.
>> ENOCH: That's right.
And the new theory
is that people
have looked over at what's
called the Eye of Africa
in Mauritania.
But again, we know the earth
was a much different place
around 50,000 years ago.
There was higher oxygen levels.
There was less gravity.
We find that, in those times,
that the Mediterranean was just
a little pond.
The Atlantic was like a
reservoir in the rain forest.
So we have a much different
idea of what happened.
But some people nowadays
have had some great theories
about what happened to Atlantis
and their great destruction.
Graham Hancock has told us
that at times he believes
it could be an asteroid.
But I tend to think there was
a great technological means
for how Atlantis was destroyed.
>> NOORY: Is it safe to assume
though that it did once exist?
>> ENOCH: I very much
believe it existed.
We have stories
all over the earth
of these great,
seafaring people.
>> NOORY: Amazing stories.
>> ENOCH: It is.
If I could tell you a story,
when we were in Egypt not too
long ago, I was there with my
friend, the great hieroglyphics
expert and Egyptologist,
Muhammad Ibrahim.
And we were at this
temple called Edfu.
Now, the original temple where
the Atlantis story came from
was known as Nefru.
It was on the Nile Delta.
And we're told it was
washed away and destroyed.
The great story was
upon the wall there.
But when we go to Edfu and
you look upon the temple,
we see a great,
seafaring people.
But what we see above
them is rather alarming.
We see a great serpent come
down from the heavens that
is destroying them.
>> NOORY: Well, it looks
like a comet or something?
>> ENOCH: Yes.
But in the mysteries,
the serpent
always represented energy
or electromagnetic energy.
So therefore, I believe
from what I've seen,
and I know you've seen
this evidence before too--
>> NOORY: Sure.
>> ENOCH: --that when we
look at the Great Pyramid,
especially using Chris Dunn's
Giza power plant hypothesis
on how we see it built
like a Faraday cage,
we see the granite,
sandstone, limestone.
It's a technology.
It's a power plant.
We see these obelisks acting
like transmitters for energy
that I believe they
were experimenting
with electromagnetic
energy and gravity
much how we're playing
around with [? HARP ?] now.
>> NOORY: You had a discussion
with the Egyptologist Muhammad
Ibrahim about all of this.
>> ENOCH: So we're here
with Muhammad Ibrahim,
the most incredible Egyptologist
and hieroglyphics expert ever.
And Muhammad was telling me
that we can find the Atlantis
story here at Edfu.
And of course, we know
that when we go back
to the story of Atlantis that we
get from Solon that learned it
from Sonchis, the high
priest of Sais, or Egypt,
he went to a temple
called Nefru.
And here we have the stories
that go back to Zep Tepi.
Now, how do we find the
Atlantis story here, Muhammad?
>>MUHAMMAD IBRAHIM:
As I explained before,
the famous story about
Atlantis, that it was civilized,
advanced destination.
And was a mistake in one
of the experiments-- they--
something major happened.
So they had to
leave their homeland
or their homeland
already disappeared.
And some people say that
they came to Egypt by ships.
OK, and that's why
some people may explain
those carvings as
could be of the story
that Lucifer presenting the
powers of Demeter's, being
presented to the king of Egypt.
[CHATTER]
>> ENOCH: And when you see
this story that's on the wall
of a great, seafaring people,
we see that they were very
advanced.
>> IBRAHIM: Yeah,
because, of course,
we are talking about the highest
levels of the [INAUDIBLE]..
But I do have quite a different
opinion because my own opinion
that Atlantis was part of Egypt.
>> ENOCH: Absolutely.
>> IBRAHIM: OK, and not the
sisterly Egypt like nowadays,
which could be
[? Vigor ?] Egypt,
[? Vigor ?] Kemet
in the ancient days.
And we can see Atlantis
not only part of Egypt
but could be one of the
cycles of ancient Egypt.
>> ENOCH: Going back
to the [INAUDIBLE]..
>> IBRAHIM: Right.
The dynastic cycle, it was
the last cycle time we knew.
But the precycle,
[INAUDIBLE],, that just
could be the cycle
where Atlantis existed.
>> ENOCH: Incredible.
Can we both agree that
the capital of Atlantis
would have been Heliopolis?
>> IBRAHIM: Exactly.
I agree about it.
Maybe I don't have
very clear evidence.
But my sense, my
[INAUDIBLE] saying
On, which is translated by
the Greeks as Heliopolis.
On was the capital
of the [INAUDIBLE],,
which could be Atlantis.
>> ENOCH: Amazing.
Thank you.
>> IBRAHIM: No problem.
>> NOORY: Interesting
theory, Jon.
You know, my father was born
in Cairo, my late father.
And he was not Egyptian, but
that's where he was born.
And we were fascinated with
things that happened in Egypt.
And that's still another
part of the story.
>> ENOCH: You know, a lot of the
Egyptians know that about you.
Quoting Mohammad,
he said that they're
big fans of George
Noory over there.
>> NOORY: Perfect.
>> ENOCH: That's amazing.
But you know, what he was
saying, he was talking about--
we were talking about On,
or Heliopolis, in Egypt.
>> NOORY: Mhm.
>> ENOCH: Now, this was a very
important place to the priests.
It's the place of light.
But to the mystery
schools, one of the secrets
that we have is this is
why you turn the lights on.
It's why you have
the name in the Bible
that was translated
by Sir Francis Bacon's
overseers for King
James to "sol," which
is the Latin for "the
light," "om," which
is the Hindu for
"the light," and "on"
or [EGYPTIAN],, which is the
Egyptian for "the light."
>> NOORY: Did Atlantis get
too big for its britches?
Did they do something
to themselves
because of their technology?
>> ENOCH: I think so, George.
When we go back into what
the great Edgar Cayce said,
he believed that there
were these flying
machines and submarines there.
Even Rudolf Steiner was
talking about something called
"anthroposophy" where
he was figuring out
the history and
different ways of looking
at these places using the mind,
sort of like our remote viewers
do.
And they believed that something
more was going on there.
To the theosophist,
they said that Atlantis
was being ruled over
by powers of the air,
by an invisible ruler
named [INAUDIBLE]..
And this is how they
became corrupted by abusing
these technologies.
So you might say that there is
a hidden warning in there for us
today to use our
technologies responsible.
>> NOORY: Well, look at how
far we've come in 2,000 years.
Since the days of Jesus
to where we are now,
we put men on the moon.
We've done all these
incredible technological things
in 2,000 years.
Jump-start civilizations
that lasted maybe
a million years, who knows
what kind of technology
they could have had?
>> ENOCH: Absolutely.
And when we look
at Egypt, George,
we must look at it like the
great layers of an onion.
Today when we look
at it, we have
an Islamic or an Arabic layer.
We peel back the
layer of the onion.
We go back, and there
is a Jewish layer,
a Coptic Christian layer.
We peel back again, and
we have a Roman layer.
Then we go back
to our Greek layer
with the great Macedonian
conqueror, Alexander the Great.
Before that, it
was the Persians.
But where we start to
get very interesting
is we tap into the
dynastic Egyptians.
So we can divide that up.
We had the Old Kingdom,
Middle Kingdom, New Kingdom.
And there was a great
lot of cycles there.
These folks were figuring
things out again.
But before that, we're told
there were these predynastics.
And these guys were
crawling up from the mud,
rubbing sticks together, trying
to figure things out again
because they found
the remnants of
the precataclysmic Egyptians.
And when we start asking
questions about who they were
and what they knew,
they built everything
in the most magnificent
sites in granite
with no hieroglyphics
whatsoever.
And we believe they very
much might have been giants.
>> NOORY: Are we headed
toward the same path
of the Atlantians' destruction?
>> ENOCH: I tend to think so, at
times, if we don't smarten up.
There's great things that
are happening on this planet
right now.
There's great amounts of
technology being developed,
which is going to change
us as a whole in the future
on even how we are
going to live longer,
from unlocking the
mitochondria in our cell,
so we inject it
with nanoparticles
that are going to draw
hydrogen and nitrogen out
so that our bodies won't age.
They will sustain themselves.
With creating our own food and
our own water in our bodies,
we're going to be connected to
great amounts of information.
We're going to move
very forward in a way
that they did with
our quantum computing
so that the universe and
the everything around us
becomes our computer.
But if we're not
responsible for this,
we're not responsible with this,
strange things could happen.
We could fall into our own
corruption and downfall
just like they did.
>> NOORY: One of the most
fascinating areas in Egypt I
think is, of course, Abydos.
>> ENOCH: Yes.
>> NOORY: And there are
some incredible things.
We're looking at
some pictures now.
How old is this, Jonny?
And let's explain
what we're looking at.
>> ENOCH: OK, when you're at
the Abydos Temple and when
we're looking at these
particular reliefs,
we're looking at the
dynastic Egyptians.
The dynastic
Egyptians, by the way,
we're trying to look
at what they had lost,
and they were trying to put
it together with hieroglyphics
and pictures as an instruction
manual to say, hey,
if we go down that road
again like the other guys,
we want to figure it out
again a little quicker.
But a lot of people have looked
at this particular depiction
on this relief or these
hieroglyphics and said,
hey, up there, we see a
helicopter, a tank, a plane.
And they said-- and all
these shows and people
that are researchers,
they've said,
this is definitive proof
that they had flying machines
and all this sort of stuff.
>> NOORY: Yeah, who could
create this if it wasn't real?
>> ENOCH: Well, I'll
tell you this, George.
For the longest time, the
opinion of those in this field
have been that what this
is is that they thought
it was called a "palimpsest,"
even my friend Mohammad
Ibrahim.
>> NOORY: What is that?
>> ENOCH: Well, palimpsest is
when you have erosion of one
glyph on top of the
other over time.
And he would say for
years, Mohammad, he'd say,
Jonny, I don't
believe that these
are the planes and helicopters.
And I'd say, I think
it looks like it.
I mean, it's amazing.
And then he and I
made a discovery
there recently when we were
looking up the inscriptions
on the walls that we believe
that they may have had access
to a type of technology
that would have allowed
them to see these things.
And now Mohammad
is a great believer
that this was left
there on purpose.
>> NOORY: How old is this?
>> ENOCH: Oh, man,
there's so many guesses.
Some will say 5,000 years.
Others will date it, and
they'll go back 10,000 years.
There's guess-- the
guesses are in the air.
>> NOORY: What do you think?
>> ENOCH: For me, I think
that I would definitely put it
somewhere in the
dynastic Egyptian period.
But for what I
think they're trying
to tell us is they're trying
to tell us, we were there.
We know that there are greater
technologies available to us.
>> NOORY: Clearly, that
looks like a helicopter.
>> ENOCH: It certainly does.
>> NOORY: Clearly.
And then the one to the right
of it, they say it's a tank.
That looks like a submarine
or some kind of yacht.
Doesn't it?
>> ENOCH: It certainly does.
>> NOORY: And then underneath
it looks like a UFO or some kind
of flying object and then
another one underneath that.
It's bizarre.
>> ENOCH: Well, you know,
George, here's the thing too.
We know in this
temple at Abydos,
there's something
called "The Flying Man."
And it's just like the depiction
that Leonardo da Vinci did when
we look at the universal man.
But furthermore, in
Saqqara, we found
a bird that was depicted there.
And we know back in our
ancient Indian texts,
like the "Ramayana,"
and the "Mahabharata,"
and the "Samarangana
Sutradhara,"
the ancient Vendantic
writings out of India, we
have these wars depicted, and
there were these vimanas that
were flying through the skies.
>> NOORY: Flying machines.
>> ENOCH: That's right--
exuding weapons at each
other like lightning bolts.
>> NOORY: Now, you made a
discovery of eating white cakes
of gold.
>> ENOCH: Yes.
>> NOORY: What is
that all about?
>> ENOCH: OK, so this is one of
the most exciting discoveries.
And it's connected to
that particular temple.
But first of all, I have to
take you back to the year 1904.
There's a a man named Sir
William Flinders Petrie.
>> NOORY: 1904.
>> ENOCH: That's right.
So William Flinders Petrie with
the British Royal Geography
Society, and he's going
on a great expedition
into the Sinai.
And he's looking for what's
known as the Moses Mountain.
Now, this Moses Mountain
has been called Mount Horeb.
Today we call it
Serabit el-Khadim,
the Mountain of Secrets.
>> NOORY: Serabit el-Khadim.
>> ENOCH: Yes.
That's it.
You say it even
better than I do.
>> NOORY: Well, you
know, I'm from that area.
>> ENOCH: Ah, I love it.
And he goes up
into that mountain
and makes an
accidental discovery.
They discover a cave.
It's in the Moses Mountain.
Now, what's very significant
about this, this cave,
is that it's dedicated to
a goddess named Hathor.
But as they go
further into the cave,
they find these
hermetically sealed chambers
that are in there.
And they slide it open.
>> NOORY: This is
real or a myth?
>> ENOCH: This is
absolute truth.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> ENOCH: This is out of the
diaries of Sir William Flinders
Petrie.
>> NOORY: All right.
>> ENOCH: They open up these
hermetically sealed chambers,
and they find they're
filled with a white powder.
And this white
powder, at first, they
think maybe it's just aluminum,
or "aluminium" as the British
say.
>> NOORY: Mhm, or
limestone or whatever.
>> ENOCH: Yes, or bone powder.
They let it blow all over the
place and get adulterants.
They soon discover
that they've tapped
into something much more.
Because what they find
is that on the walls,
the inscriptions say that
from the Fourth Dynasty,
which is interesting
because everything in Egypt
shot through the roof, and their
discoveries, and buildings,
and everything--
>> NOORY: At that time period.
>> ENOCH: Yes, all the way
up to the 19th dynasty.
They found that there
was rituals taking place
using this material.
They were cooking, and
preparing, and getting it
from certain places.
And we call it "white
gold" or "white cakes."
And in the Bible we
have stories of Amarna.
In the Greek
Septuagint Bible, they
call it the "bread
of the Presence."
Now, here's the
interesting thing, George,
that we find that when we
find this material, which
has been called "mfkzt" in the
Fifth Dynasty pyramid texts,
they talk about a
secret inscription
that there is a field of mfkzt,
another dimension that we've
called the Plain of Sharon
that not only could they
regenerate their bodies
with this material,
and have an upgrade, and have
multidimensional capacities,
and psychic abilities,
and strength,
but this stuff unlocked
all kinds of powers,
which is interesting.
And so we find that that
stuff was over there.
And its inscriptions are
used on certain temples
that certain guys
had access to it.
Now, if you picture what's
in that Abydos Temple,
we were amazed at what we found.
And Mohammad was amazed
because I'd been working
on him for years on this stuff.
And he said, no, my friend.
He said, I don't think
there's anything to it.
After he started to--
>> NOORY: He used the
word Effendi, right?
>> ENOCH: Yeah, he was amazed.
He started translating it.
And he goes, we don't have
any white cakes like this.
And we started to see the
inscriptions on the wall.
Now, just to paint the
picture for you, George,
and for the viewers, in
this temple in Abydos,
there's seven rooms
there, and they're
called the Holy of Holies.
And they have a door
in the back of them,
and the door is a door to
the neters, or to the gods.
It doesn't go anywhere.
But each of these
rooms has inscriptions.
It says it's a stargate,
that you step through it--
>> NOORY: A stargate.
>> ENOCH: --and you
go to somewhere.
Now, on the wall,
the instructions
are, to access the stargates,
you had to have the mfktz,
this material that was
prepared, being fed to you.
>> NOORY: In order to travel.
>> ENOCH: Yes.
>> NOORY: Well,
you were at Abydos.
>> ENOCH: Yes.
>> NOORY: Let's take a look.
>> ENOCH: We clearly see the
mfktz being given in this
temple.
So tell me what you
saw, intuitively.
>>MAN: Intuitively, I saw that
the mfktz would be heated.
The cakes were being prepared.
And I think we have
physical evidence
on the ceilings of smoke, a
bit on the walls, as confirmed
by Mohammad.
There's a chimney or a chimney
stack space in the roof.
>> ENOCH: So this is where
the mfktz was being cooked?
>>MAN: That's what I was
being shown in this room.
And then a priest in flowing,
quite wide-berth robes
came out with the
finished product
and was administering it
in a very private ceremony
with about three people.
>> NOORY: That is dramatic.
It really is.
>> ENOCH: And this is a-- that
was a British lawyer friend
of mine, who's
also a researcher.
And he was there with me.
And all of a sudden,
he was overcome
with a sort of clairvoyant
vision that he saw.
We entered the back room
where all the instructions
lead up to that he says,
I'm being shown priests
in white gowns flowing
around, that they're
cooking these materials.
And as we look up,
there is the area
that was blackened
on the ceiling
with the chimney
leading up to the rooms
where they're administrating it.
And the thing is, George, before
this, everyone said, oh, this
must be a healing temple.
Ah, it's nothing.
When I'd walk up to
it, I saw three sets
of platforms, three
sets of stairs
just like the three entrances
to the Great Pyramid, the three
directions that you
find in Freemasonry,
the initiation aspects of it.
And they had 42
steps each, which is
very sacred to the mysteries.
This was an ascension temple.
They were going somewhere.
There was a type of
technology there.
And I can tell you right
now that this stuff is
taken very seriously by
people in high places.
>> NOORY: Well, they should.
Now, didn't the late
Laurence Gardner
talk about the white
powders of gold?
>> ENOCH: I'm very glad
you're talking about him,
the great Laurence Gardner.
He was a fantastic
researcher, and he was
talking about this for certain.
He was linking it to
the Ark of the Covenant,
linking it to great mysteries.
And what's really interesting
about this, George,
as you've probably heard before,
having the connection to Cairo,
is that the ancient name for
"Egypt" was never "Egypt."
>> NOORY: Mars.
>> ENOCH: Yeah, there's a
connection there to the Mars
too and a connection
to Sirius also.
But what they would call
one of the names for "Egypt"
was, if you went
back to where we
get the name, "Aegyptos"
from the Greeks,
and go back beyond
Memphis, the name
that we find before
that was "Kem"
or "Kemet" where we get the name
"chemistry" or "alchemy" from.
>> NOORY: Interesting.
>> ENOCH: If you go look at
what the name "Kem" or "Kemet"
meant, it meant
the "black land."
And the reason for that
is these black soils
would flood up from
the Nile, and they
would go through a
chemistry process with it.
So fast-forward, George,
into the '70s and '80s
right here in America.
We get a guy named David Hudson.
David Hudson, he's
over in the Yuma Valley
of Phoenix, Arizona.
And he is a guy that's
trying to grow cotton crops,
but he's also an amateur
that's interested in gold
and minerals.
So he starts getting
this 93% sulfuric acid
and dumping it on his black,
sodium-filled, alkali soil.
Sound familiar?
>> NOORY: Sounds familiar.
>> ENOCH: All of a sudden,
it turns white and frothy,
water soluble.
>> NOORY: Uh-huh.
>> ENOCH: A strange
material starts to show up.
It's bright red at first,
and then it goes black.
And he goes, I need to
get this stuff tested.
This guy had about
$8 million to work
with because he was a farmer.
And he goes and gets it tested.
And the first thing
they do is they
use something called an
"electron spectrum microscope."
It doesn't test
it for very long.
Only 15 seconds was the
American method at that time.
>> NOORY: That's
all they needed.
>> ENOCH: That's
But all he pulled
out at that time
was iron, and silica, and
a couple other things.
And they said, ah,
there's nothing there.
But it's still acting strange.
It's acting like a noble metal.
Long story short,
he has a friend
that's involved with the
Soviet Academy of Sciences.
They test it for 300 seconds.
All of a sudden, he finds out
that all these other things
start showing up in the
platinum group of metals--
palladium, iridium, ruthenium--
>> NOORY: Wow.
>> ENOCH: --rhodium.
But they act differently.
There's a special way
that they're acting.
And he starts labeling
them, orbitally
rearranged monoatomic elements.
Because, really quickly, to
go back to science class,
if we take the atom, the atom
that we traditionally see
has these electrons
whizzing around it.
Right?
Well, underneath the
atom, we have a nuclei.
But if this substance
acts a little different
because there's these
anti-electrons that
are bonding with
electrons, so instead
of it hugging that
area, it's pushing away
in a toroidal
field like our DNA.
And he starts finding that this
stuff not only has the ability
to have antigravitational
properties when it's exposed--
>> NOORY: Levitation too.
>> ENOCH: Absolutely.
And it--
>> NOORY: Yeah, I've
read your work, Jon.
>> ENOCH: Ah, I
love that about you.
It starts to act very funny,
and it can regenerate the body.
So, George, what
happened is is that this
got the attention of the
pharmaceutical companies,
the energy departments.
Because just to break it down
for everybody really quick,
once you go to subatomic level
and once you've figured this
out like the Egyptians did when
they were putting this stuff
into the Ark of the
Covenant, which, remember,
was a weapon, once you find
that out, we go down quarks,
neutrinos, hadrons, leptons.
Once we go down to
gluons and bosons,
we're told now that you
can fit an entire galaxy
in one of those.
>> NOORY: Jeez.
>> ENOCH: They're pure
photonic energy, no mass,
going outside of spacetime.
>> NOORY: How did Laurence
Gardner know this stuff?
He was a great researcher--
>> ENOCH: He really was.
>> NOORY: --and missed.
>> ENOCH: He really was,
and he went much too soon,
just incredible work.
>> NOORY: Are we using this
white powder of gold today?
>> ENOCH: Well, here's
the thing, George.
After David Hudson came out
with his experiments, what
happened with him is he
was told that his patents
had to be seized in the
name of national security.
And he was told
to stop his work.
Now, a lot of people on the
internet, they went out there,
and they said, well,
Laurence Gardener, he
amounted to nothing.
He was a flake.
He just disappeared.
He gave up.
He threw his hands in the air.
I have information that
indicates otherwise.
And I also would like to remind
people of a very famous story
we have connected to Area 51.
If you go back to the
story of Bob Lazar--
>> NOORY: Right.
>> ENOCH: --and who a lot of
people are talking about now,
with his--
>> NOORY: Documentaries made
on him and everything else.
>> ENOCH: Yeah,
documentaries, interviews.
Remember the story.
We go back with John
Lear, Gene Huff.
He's going back into Rachel,
Nevada, there, S4, Groom Lake.
He tells us that
when he was on--
when he was over at Area 51, he
tells us an interesting story.
He says, there's nine hangars.
In one of the hangars,
he said, there
was a vimana that came
from an archaeological dig.
>> NOORY: Wow.
>> ENOCH: Incredible stuff.
But he says the hangar
he was allowed to go in
had this saucer-like craft.
And he got in trouble
for running his hand
down the side of it.
>> NOORY: And he touched it.
>> ENOCH: He certainly did.
He goes in there,
and he said, it
was ominous because there
was no right angles.
But do you know what he said?
He said something
very interesting.
He said that in the
bottom of this thing,
there was a particle
accelerator.
And he said that it had
this strange substance.
>> NOORY: That was
the propulsion system.
>> ENOCH: That's right.
And he said the substance
was called Element 115.
It was a heavy element.
And he said it acted
very different.
When you exposed it to
heat or radioactive fields,
it starts to have this
electromagnetic feel to it.
Now, what's interesting
to me about that
is that we start
to see our friend
David Hudson go missing
about the same time.
>> NOORY: Go missing?
>> ENOCH: Yeah, he missed--
he went out of the scene.
He just disappeared--
>> NOORY: Uh-huh.
>> ENOCH: --and told
people he gave up.
And so he'd figured out--
Hudson had figured out,
much like the Egyptians did,
how to get the protons,
electrons, and neutrons
in a particular sequence
so that this substance had
a bit of an upgrade.
And so I would say that there's
a type of alien alchemy going
on here.
>> NOORY: Well, you talk
about alien alchemy.
Walter Sullivan, who used to
be "The New York Times" science
writer, wrote a book
called "We Are Not Alone."
Are you convinced
we are not alone?
>> ENOCH: I'm absolutely
convinced we're not alone.
We never have been.
And this is a
universe full of life.
I think, George,
let's put it this way.
We were told
recently that there's
tardigrades on the moon.
These are these little
microscopic water animals.
Some say, hey, maybe
they came from Earth.
But when we also
look at this, I've
been told by some of my
contacts that on Europa
that we find these 25-foot
whale-like creatures
swimming on the surface.
I've been told that we have
life all over our galaxy, all
over our solar system.
>> NOORY: Sure.
>> ENOCH: But most
certainly here,
we know from all of our
ancient civilizations,
all of our religions are telling
us that we've had visitors
on this planet.
And they played a great
role in our development.
>> NOORY: Have we've been
seeded, in your opinion,
the theory of Zecharia
Sitchin and the Annunaki?
>> ENOCH: Yes.
I very much believe
there's a lot to that.
I mean, even when we look at the
Book of Genesis in the Bible,
which we know comes from
the Sumerian "Enuma Elish,"
it was written about the
fourth and sixth centuries BCE,
and it has events in there
that are going on from hundreds
and thousands of years--
>> NOORY: Very well said.
>> ENOCH: --yeah,
that are taking place.
It talks about that.
It's telling us a story
that where we came from.
And the Egyptians believed
the same thing, to the Greeks,
and to the ancient
Sumerians, the Chadeans,
to the Assyrians, the Akkadians.
All these legends start
talking that we've
been seeded from somewhere.
>> NOORY: Isn't it amazing
though that all cultures
and civilizations all seem to
lead toward the same answer?
Well, you talk about the Bible
in Genesis and other stories.
They all talk about
these genetically altered
fallen angels and
everything like that.
It's amazing.
>> ENOCH: That's right, George.
And actually what Plutarch
tells us, he said,
the gods of ancient Egypt were
the antediluvian, or preflood,
precataclysmic kings
who were deified.
They were made into
gods after death.
So who were they?
Well, if you go into
the Cairo Museum,
we find these 15- to
20-foot sarcophagi
that says "enormous coffin"
on the outside of it.
We find all sorts of
inscriptions around Egypt,
and reliefs, and
hieroglyphics that allude
to the fact that there's
these giants among us.
We have legends of it.
But Osiris, who is one of the
great progenitor gods of Egypt,
he's a giant within
an elongated skull.
And we have
connections even there
that if we go further into the
land of Bu Wizzer or Abusir,
this land of Osiris was
appointed to the fact
that these were the
beings that came here
from Sirius, the Dog Star.
That's why it's one of
the kingly titles we
had during the Middle
Ages was "sire,"
and that's why you and
I call each other "sir."
>> NOORY: What about the
story of David and Goliath?
>> ENOCH: That's right.
>> NOORY: Who was Goliath?
What was Goliath?
>> ENOCH: That comes from
the story of the Philistines.
If you go into the Book of Enoch
in Watchers 6, 7 through 8,
it said that these
Watchers came to Earth,
and they saw the
daughters of man.
And they decided
to lay with them.
And they produced an
offspring of giants where--
>> NOORY: The Nephilim.
>> ENOCH: That's right.
We're told in the Book of
Numbers and other places
that we look like
grasshoppers to them.
>> NOORY: Ha.
"Beyond the Legend" was a
program with Erich von Daniken
for the Gaia series.
And he, of course,
talks about his thoughts
on the history of ETs on Earth.
>>ERICH VON DANIKEN: Evolution
did not start on this planet.
When I was a student, I
learned in Switzerland
they all started on Earth.
The atoms came together
and formed molecules,
and the molecules formed
together bigger molecules,
and so on.
In the meantime, modern science
says, no, the starting point
came from outside.
Evolution, yes, on this planet,
but the information of life
has came from outside.
And this, again, is mentioned
in many of the old holy books,
including our Bible.
And the gods created human
according their own image.
I say "the gods."
Every critic will say, in
the Bible is only one god.
And God made human
after his own image.
It's not true.
Soon as you speak
or you read Hebrew,
you know that the word in old
Hebrew for "god" is "Elohim."
Now, Elohim is a plural.
It does not exist
in the singular.
The correct translations would
be "and the gods created humans
according to their own image."
Soon as you see this
way, you realize
we are the offsprings of them.
Now, I have been asked, why have
these extraterrestrials arrived
here?
They knew, of course,
exactly on which planets
this seed was growing.
They came here not
by coincidence.
They have their astronomy.
They know there are solar
systems which planets are
similar than our own planet.
It was not a coincidence.
>> NOORY: I just love
listening to Erich von Daniken.
>> ENOCH: Yeah.
>> NOORY: I run into him,
Jonny, every year at Contact
in the Desert, and he is
just such a delightful guy.
But what a wealth
of knowledge he has.
>> ENOCH: He really is.
And you know, when
he first came out
with that "Chariots of the
Gods," he had his critics.
But now he's being proven
right more and more.
>> NOORY: That's right.
He could be a hero.
>> ENOCH: And I think so.
>> NOORY: I remember when
you look at those Nazca Lines
in Peru, you can, one, only
decide what they are from
above.
You don't know what
they are walking around.
You can't see them.
>> ENOCH: That's right.
>> NOORY: But you go above, you
can see spiders and all these
other things.
>> ENOCH: And we find things
like that in other parts
of the world that are
very interesting also.
But speaking of natural
disasters in Peru,
if you go 12,000 feet above sea
level, we find Lake Titicaca.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> ENOCH: And Lake Titicaca
somehow has these fossilized
sea shells up there.
And they managed to build walls
around that place very quickly.
The Andes are relatively
new mountains.
So we've got to start scratching
our heads and asking ourselves,
what really happened?
>> NOORY: How many ETs in
groups do you think there are?
>> ENOCH: I think
it's countless.
You know, we've had the likes
of the great Clifford Stone.
He came out and said there's
57 types of extraterrestrials.
He said some are like the Grays.
>> NOORY: Heinz 57, right?
>> ENOCH: Exactly.
He said, that's when he
got out of the military.
He said, are what
we call the "Grays."
But most of them look
just like you and I,
and you wouldn't even know
if they're walking amongst us
because they're identical.
They only--
>> NOORY: well, the
seed's the same.
>> ENOCH: That's right.
The only difference is they
could walk into a room that
might be a dark room.
They'd know what color
an object is without even
having to look at it.
They could just touch it.
They might have a heightened
sense of smell or taste.
But they're already
here, George.
They're walking
amongst us every day.
And it's an incredible thought
and when we think about it.
Von Daniken was talking about
these particles, and atoms,
and everything that
comes from the universe.
Well, right now inside of
you and everyone watching,
when we think about
how profound this is,
you have 100 trillion
cells in your body.
There's 100 trillion
atoms in a cell
and 100 trillion
cells in an atom.
Atoms are made of
mostly blank spaces.
So we can actually fit
everybody, all 8 billion
of them on this planet, at
the end of our pinky finger,
and we know that there's
very little space
in between our universe,
which is mostly
composed of dark matter,
in between our universe
and other universes, so we are
all so intrinsically connected.
And one day, we're
going to realize
that those folks that we
call "extraterrestrials,"
we're not that much
different than them,
and we're intimately connected.
>> NOORY: What
drives you, Jonny?
What keeps pushing you?
>> ENOCH: It's that fascination
with the unknown, George.
Every time-- you
know, every time
I think I have the
answer to something,
it turns out there's more
questions waiting inside
of it and another great
adventure somewhere to look,
somewhere to go further in.
So I find that a lot of my work
in the clinical hypnotherapy
field, looking into people's
minds and the type of memories,
that somehow that people
that consider themselves
to be ordinary folks, they
have extraordinary memories.
>> NOORY: 68% of the
Americans surveyed,
68% believe that
there's a UFO cover-up.
You agree with that?
>> ENOCH: Yes, of course.
There's been a UFO
cover-up on this planet
for a very long time.
>> NOORY: Why?
>> ENOCH: Well, look, if we
go back to Giordano Bruno.
He was a contemporary of Galileo
Galilei, who, by the way,
gave us the telescope out
of his little observatory
in Civitavecchia in 1610.
And we have him to thank
for our modern discoveries.
>> NOORY: They still
have his first telescope.
>> ENOCH: They do.
>> NOORY: And I think
it's at the Vatican.
>> ENOCH: Yes, they do.
It's absolutely amazing.
But look at Giordano Bruno.
He tried to tell us, George.
He said-- he went
right out, and he said,
there are innumerable worlds
with life on them that exist.
We've had people telling
us this for a long time.
But what did they do?
They said, well, this
disrupts our narrative.
We don't like what
you're saying.
It takes away from our
great story that we had.
They said, kill him.
And that was the end to him.
I think we're getting to a point
where we can no longer hide
these things.
It's just like--
>> NOORY: And you can't
keep killing these people.
>> ENOCH: That's right.
But the one enemy
of the darkness--
we can look out in the darkest
room, in the darkest room
out there, and it
just takes one light,
for you to show
one light, and that
will just burn up the darkness.
>> NOORY: What's the next step?
What's the next plateau?
>> ENOCH: Well, for me,
I'm seeing that there is
an evolution of our sciences
and spirituality right now.
The things that used
to be considered
the matters of quacks
and charlatans,
they are now being
verified by science.
So for example, we
get the idea right now
that we're injecting
the nanoparticles
into the eyeballs of rats so
they can see night vision.
We know they've taken
it a step further,
so they've gone into
the infrared spectrum.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> ENOCH: They're seeing things
in a multidimensional capacity.
We know that what
we used to call
in, perhaps, situations,
what people would call
"jinn" or "demons" in places,
that these are perhaps
multidimensional intelligences
that are existing
outside of the human light
spectrum that we're now being--
that are now being perceived.
We're going to have
a science of that.
And what excites me
the most, George, is
the hope we can give people
through this by bridging
the spirituality
with the quantum
so that we can look at things
like life after death and say,
there's a lot more to it.
>> NOORY: There is
a lot more to it.
And I think through a
extraterrestrial investigation,
you will give a lot
of these answers.
Don't you?
>> ENOCH: Yes.
There's definitely a tie-in
with the extraterrestrials
and our spiritual capacity.
Because we know that
in these ET encounters,
people are getting metamorphic
and telepathic communications.
Time-space is shifting for them.
There's a greater
understanding of our universe,
and we're getting
there ourselves.
>> NOORY: Well, and another
way to look at the expansion
of the universe is to try
to come up with the theories
of, who are we?
What are we?
Is there life after death?
And if you look at
the complexity of all
of this at one time, you have
to come to the conclusion
that this exists far
beyond this reality.
>> ENOCH: Yes.
>> NOORY: There is
life after death.
Isn't there?
>> ENOCH: There
most certainly is,
and I've spent a lot of time
investigating this subject.
I've worked with
people that have
had near-death experiences.
I've done the clinical
hypnotherapy protocols
on people that
remember what it's
like to pick their bodies
before they got here, that they
saw the people in
soul groups that they
were going to work with.
And that started
to fascinate me.
But, George, for many
years, the skeptics
would always say that these
near-death experiences were
a product of something
called "hypoxia,"
which is a lack of oxygen.
>> NOORY: To the brain,
as the brain dies.
>> ENOCH: Right.
And what we found is that
those type of hallucinations,
especially when we recreate
them, they're very fleeting.
They're short.
They're not these profound,
long-lasting experiences
such as we saw in the case
of the great neurologist
Dr. Eben Alexander,
who, by the way,
had a case of
bacterial meningitis.
And--
>> NOORY: And he was a skeptic--
>> ENOCH: Yes.
>> NOORY: --until his
near-death experience occurred.
Let's take a look.
EBEN ALEXANDER: I was very
skeptical before my NDE.
So having that personal
experience and evidence,
like millions of
others have, helps us
to wake up to a bigger reality.
And I think as a
scientist, I'm--
and one who is fascinated
by consciousness, and brain,
and mind, this is a very
natural thing for me
to be going through.
And my NDE, when I
look back on my life,
makes perfect sense
that that is what
would happen when I was
54 years old and trying
to find out some deeper
answers about the universe.
And the good news is a lot
of what I've discovered
and in work with fellow
scientists studying
consciousness is
something that rings
true with many, many souls.
>> NOORY: So what do you tell
people, skeptics, who say,
there is no life after death.
When you die, that's it.
>> ENOCH: What's really great
about this is that when we go
in the work that's been done
on quantum consciousness,
that we see over with an
anesthesiologist that's name is
Stuart Hameroff over at
the University of Tucson
in Arizona, he's looked at the
idea that our brain works with
these things called
"microtubules"
that are so well designed as
computational devices that they
hold consciousness in
there like a cockpit.
And when it works in this
way, our consciousness
is held together
through something
called "superpositioning"
or "quantum cohesion."
So you have an IP address
that's very unique to you.
And not only is this how
we look at the science
of near-death
experiences nowadays,
but we actually
look at this concept
as how our future
communications on the quantum
is going to work.
So with this incredible
science backing up
what we've looked
at here, then we
start to ask ourselves,
what happens after we die?
Where do we go?
>> NOORY: That's right.
>> ENOCH: So what I've found
with this and the people
I've interviewed and work
with in these procedures,
that some of us when we die,
we come out of the body,
and we'll stick around
for a couple of weeks.
We'll communicate
with our loved ones.
>> NOORY: Do we know we're dead?
>> ENOCH: Sometimes, at first,
it's a little perplexing.
Have you ever seen
that movie "What Dreams
May Come" with Robin Williams?
>> NOORY: Oh, yeah,
with Robin Williams.
>> ENOCH: You know,
he goes through that.
>> NOORY: Yeah, a classic.
>> ENOCH: Exactly.
And there's an area
just above that where
we've kind of colloquially
called the "astral," where
we go when we dream, that you
can kind of create at first
what you're going
to anticipate you're
going to see before you want
to move out of that area.
And in that movie,
Robin Williams
was sliding around
with Cuba Gooding, Jr.
And there was paint and
everything until he was--
>> NOORY: Stepping on heads
in Hell, remember that?
>> ENOCH: Yes.
That was scary.
But the interesting
part about this
is that then we go up into this
space where we do a 360 degree
panoramic life review where
we experience our life not
only from our perspective
but as of everybody
we've ever encountered.
And that can be a
little disturbing,
or it could be a
pleasant experience.
And from that point on, we
get a choice to move forward,
and we're reunited with the
folks that we've grown to love.
But in this experience, it's
very transformative for those
that have gone through it.
Our mutual friend, Dannion
Brinkley, he's got a very--
>> NOORY: He's been
there three times.
>> ENOCH: He has.
And it transformed him.
But he always reminds me.
He says, Jonny, when I was
over there, I was told,
you're a great and mighty,
powerful, spiritual people
with dignity,
direction, and purpose.
And that message is very
encouraging for all of us
to remind us that
there's more to all this.
>> NOORY: Well, he was
right and is right.
>> ENOCH: It is.
>> NOORY: And is right.
>> ENOCH: Yes.
>> NOORY: These near-death
experiences that you were
talking about, the
dying of the brain,
that is a medical condition.
That does happen.
Right?
>> ENOCH: Yes.
So we've had various medical
conditions linked to that.
But I mean, they don't produce--
they don't produce these results
always that we would expect.
There's all kinds of different
near-death experience reports
and what people go through,
what they experience,
anomalies in the brain.
But I think it's
incredible, especially
when we look at the work of
the great Dr. Raymond Moody,
who I know you've
had on the show.
>> NOORY: Great guy.
>> ENOCH: Great guy.
He was really the
pioneer in this area that
started to sift
through these cases
and define life after life.
>> NOORY: Is there a dark
side to some of this, Jonny?
>> ENOCH: In the near-death
experience world?
>> NOORY: Yes, is there a hell?
>> ENOCH: I think that people
are going to experience what
they expect or what
they anticipate,
whatever the belief of their
childhood understanding is
in that level where
we go when we dream.
It's just one level to the
multidimensional capacity
of who we are.
Interesting story
for you, when I
was doing my interviews
of people in these cases,
I came across a Canadian
corporate lawyer of 34 years.
His name was Garnet Schulhauser.
And he told me a
fascinating story
because he was a skeptic before,
much like these other folks.
He starts having these profound,
life-changing, out-of-body
experiences where
he was taken up
out of the body at a very
pivotal point of his life.
He goes on to write about it.
He says that he was shown
aspects of our universe,
you know, the usual questions.
>> NOORY: Wow.
>> ENOCH: What is a soul?
What happens to us after we die?
>> NOORY: We was
given these answers.
>> ENOCH: Absolutely.
He's taken up above our
Earth, and he finds this place
where he calls Heaven.
And he says that it's
called "Aglaia" over there.
And he said it's got
all the architecture
from different time periods on
Earth and different costumes
from people that are here.
And, he says,
people get together,
and you can be there for
thousands of years if you want,
which is only like
a second over there.
Or you can choose
to go and visit
with different councils
or Akashic records.
You can choose to incarnate
here in this Aglaia place.
He says, over there,
there's concerts.
He said, the Beatles
are up there.
Freddie Mercury is up there.
Everybody's enjoying
these incredible concerts
all the time.
And they're always happy.
But, he said, that place there,
Aglaia, is connected to Earth.
But he said that there is a
heaven-like place above all
of the planets out there
that is sort of custom fit
to their architecture,
their time periods--
>> NOORY: Interesting.
>> ENOCH: --and their people.
But, he said, they're
all connected.
So in a sense, no,
there is no hell.
It's my opinion that hell was
designed by the early church
from the "Divine Comedy."
It comes from Virgil.
We go--
>> NOORY: It teaches fear.
>> ENOCH: That's it,
Dante's "Inferno."
You know, George, to
the ancient Buddhists,
they believed hell
was a state of mind.
And I believe that might be
something you see at first.
But just like our
haunted houses,
when we see a haunted
house or an old haunted
castle in England,
it might have been
haunted for 300 or 400 years.
That's only a second
on the spirit side.
Usually, the spirit guides
and those of those beings
are trying to send
messages to those beings
to get them to come over.
But they are so afraid of
doing that life review,
some folks just
don't want to move
to see what's coming because
that's the troubling part.
>> NOORY: What's next for you
in your area of research, Jonny?
>> ENOCH: It never
stops here, George.
>> NOORY: It never stops.
>> ENOCH: Right now, Brien
Foerster and I are looking
at new evidence for
these elongated skulls,
other places they're connected.
>> NOORY: Whoa, yep.
>> ENOCH: We're going in a month
up to Paracas, and Bolivia,
and Peru.
And then I'm back up with
some new permissions in Egypt
looking at some secret
temples and inscriptions
that might unlock even
greater fields of information.
>> NOORY: I miss
the late Lloyd Pye.
>> ENOCH: Yes.
>> NOORY: He would
have loved your work.
>> ENOCH: Oh, that's
great of you to say.
Lloyd Pye was such a pioneer
with what he did there--
>> NOORY: He was.
>> ENOCH: --the Starchild skull.
>> NOORY: Oh, my gosh, he was
way ahead of his time too.
>> ENOCH: Incredible stuff.
But you know, George, I think
one of the greatest secrets
and one of the greatest places
full of mystery on this Earth
that people haven't
even begun to look
is going up into this place
called the Ural Mountains.
Have you ever heard
of the Eurasian areas?
>> NOORY: Yes, in Russia.
>> ENOCH: That's it.
Well, when you look up there--
>> NOORY: Is that where
the Dyatlov Pass was?
>> ENOCH: Yes.
And we have some--
>> NOORY: That's a scary story.
>> ENOCH: What's strange
here too is that if you look
at where these elongated skulls
from Paracas are connected--
and they're very particular.
>> NOORY: Yes.
>> ENOCH: They're
not bound-up ones.
We find that they're connected
to the Northern Black
Sea, Crimea, Scandinavia.
>> NOORY: Interesting.
>> ENOCH: But up
there in the Ural,
we have something called
the "Dashka stone,"
which is a 1 megaton
relief that has an ancient,
3D topographical map of the
Earth that's available and can
be seen up from space
in our atmosphere.
It was a part of
a 30-ton relief.
And this is an extraterrestrial
map from the heavens
that they could use.
And we also find
that the Russians
had discovered these little
gold wires, nano-like microchip
structures that are at
least, they're saying,
on the minimum, 20,000 years.
>> NOORY: Where
did they come from?
>> ENOCH: Well--
>> NOORY: 20,000-year-old wires?
>> ENOCH: Yes, ancient
civilizations had it.
We have glyphs up there that
can be viewed from space,
just like the ones you talked
about with the Nazca Lines,
and caves full of these
inscriptions of what
looks like complex amino acids.
We have a great and
advanced civilization
that rose up and came out
of those Uralic areas.
>> NOORY: It is these
incredible mysteries, Jonny,
that keep you and people
like me just keep going.
>> ENOCH: Yes, and
they never stop.
That's why the world needs
"Beyond Belief" because there's
so much that's
beyond our beliefs
that will one day
become our beliefs.
>> NOORY: As you
look at the future,
will mankind really get the
definitive answers about life
after death, extraterrestrials?
Are we alone?
>> ENOCH: Well, not only are
we going to get the answers,
but we might get more
than what we're seeking.
For example, if you look at
where our computers are going,
right now, if you
take the computer,
the computer that we have
right now is operating linear.
It uses what we call "binary,"
you know, ones and zeros.
>> NOORY: Ones and zeros, right.
>> ENOCH: Right.
OK, so I want you to
picture for me for a moment
the old Torahs, the scrolls.
Or the-- you know how
the Sumerians would
use those tablets where
they would roll out?
>> NOORY: Uh-huh, cuneiforms.
>> ENOCH: Exactly.
So instead of rolling
things out into linear,
let's keep it in a
spherical structure.
We put the one on
top of the circle,
and put the zero on the bottom.
We could put infinite
information in the middle--
>> NOORY: In the middle.
>> ENOCH: --the
nexus to time-space.
But one over here,
a zero over here,
we have infinite information in
all directions in the quantum.
When we can get that, we can
calculate every single particle
in our universe.
And at that level, we know
what little Julius Caesar
had for breakfast on his name
day when he was eight years old
and what he was
thinking that morning.
We know everything that's going
to come in just our universe.
Now, what if I were to tell
you, George, that just maybe we
had a basic version
of this that existed
in an underground
facility near Utah?
There's all kinds of interesting
places that we're going in,
I think.
>> NOORY: Stored away.
>> ENOCH: Yes.
There's all kinds of
interesting places we're going.
But you might also
ask yourself, what
about things like AI,
Artificial Intelligence?
What are your thoughts on that?
>> NOORY: Would you not love
to look and tour Noah's Ark?
>> ENOCH: Oh, I'd love to.
Yeah, there's--
>> NOORY: Just walking through
there would be unbelievable.
>> ENOCH: It would
be incredible.
Noah's Ark, you might say, has
more truth to it than possible.
I've been told by
folks in certain places
that have special knowledge
that they said that they were
absolutely amazed in some of
our off-world explorations
that there is a planet
not too far from here
that has what looks like
replicas of all the dinosaurs.
And remember, nothing
goes extinct on our planet
by accident.
If the dinosaurs were to
be brought back today,
they wouldn't be able to
survive because, again, we
have less oxygen on the planet
and more gravity than we did.
>> NOORY: So true.
Jonny, do you Ouija?
>> ENOCH: Do I Ouija?
I'll tell you, George,
I've spent a lot of time
looking at Ouija boards
and talking about them.
They're fascinating.
And I believe that they
reveal a lot about our mind.
Because, George, as you
know, I have a background
working in psychology--
>> NOORY: Yes, you do.
>> ENOCH: --and pharmacology,
and addiction models.
And one of the things that we've
seen in psychological models
is using the pendulum.
And so the pendulum that people
hold has this autonomic--
>> NOORY: You could hold it
over a map and everything.
>> ENOCH: Yes, yes.
You get this result from the
body from the subconscious
mind.
So we know that there are these
intelligences communicating
to us.
We've had great
cases that have been
documented about telepathy.
I mean, look at the work of
the great Dr. Jeffrey Mishlove
that's over at Stanford
that is doing work
on these sorts of things.
People have looked at
it in different scans
of how it exists.
So we have these communications.
So the Ouija, which we go
back to William Fuld with,
has a huge history.
>> NOORY: But you don't think
the Ouija board brings in bad
spirits?
>> ENOCH: Well, I think people
can bring in anything they
want.
This is the truth, George,
is that a lot of what
we're calling "haunted
houses" today,
we are going to
discover one day-- just
as guys like the Gnostics, they
called beings on this planet
"Archons."
Rudolf Steiner's
talked about beings
that would take loosh from us.
We're going to
find that there are
these multidimensional lifeforms
all around us, out in space
even, that come here,
that are observing us,
and they feed off
of different things.
And the interesting
part about that
is that, sure, it's like
putting a calling card out there
on the internet.
You're asking for someone you
don't know in an anonymous room
to talk to you.
You don't know who
you're getting.
You don't know what you
might be tapping into.
But it's a tool to
the subconscious mind
just like the pendulum.
>> NOORY: Jonny, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>> ENOCH: Thanks so much
for having me, George.
It's been a pleasure.
>> NOORY: You're
an amazing guest,
and what incredible theories
from Jonny Enoch that come
right down to the point
that we are not alone.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]